adaptive-icon;obj\Debug\110\res\mipmap-anydpi-v26\icon.xml
adaptive-icon;obj\Debug\110\res\mipmap-anydpi-v26\icon_round.xml
background;obj\Debug\110\res\mipmap-anydpi-v26\icon.xml
background;obj\Debug\110\res\mipmap-anydpi-v26\icon_round.xml
Chronometer;C:\Users\Vartotojas\Source\Repos\Swashbucklers-Project\Mobile app\Mobile app\PSI.Android\obj\Debug\110\lp\104\jl\res\layout\notification_template_big_media_custom.xml
Chronometer;C:\Users\Vartotojas\Source\Repos\Swashbucklers-Project\Mobile app\Mobile app\PSI.Android\obj\Debug\110\lp\104\jl\res\layout\notification_template_big_media_narrow_custom.xml
Chronometer;C:\Users\Vartotojas\Source\Repos\Swashbucklers-Project\Mobile app\Mobile app\PSI.Android\obj\Debug\110\lp\104\jl\res\layout\notification_template_lines_media.xml
Chronometer;C:\Users\Vartotojas\Source\Repos\Swashbucklers-Project\Mobile app\Mobile app\PSI.Android\obj\Debug\110\lp\104\jl\res\layout\notification_template_media_custom.xml
color;C:\Users\Vartotojas\Source\Repos\Swashbucklers-Project\Mobile app\Mobile app\PSI.Android\obj\Debug\110\lp\104\jl\res\values\values.xml
color;obj\Debug\110\res\values\colors.xml
DateTimeView;C:\Users\Vartotojas\Source\Repos\Swashbucklers-Project\Mobile app\Mobile app\PSI.Android\obj\Debug\110\lp\104\jl\res\layout\notification_template_big_media_custom.xml
DateTimeView;C:\Users\Vartotojas\Source\Repos\Swashbucklers-Project\Mobile app\Mobile app\PSI.Android\obj\Debug\110\lp\104\jl\res\layout\notification_template_big_media_narrow_custom.xml
DateTimeView;C:\Users\Vartotojas\Source\Repos\Swashbucklers-Project\Mobile app\Mobile app\PSI.Android\obj\Debug\110\lp\104\jl\res\layout\notification_template_lines_media.xml
DateTimeView;C:\Users\Vartotojas\Source\Repos\Swashbucklers-Project\Mobile app\Mobile app\PSI.Android\obj\Debug\110\lp\104\jl\res\layout\notification_template_media_custom.xml
foreground;obj\Debug\110\res\mipmap-anydpi-v26\icon.xml
foreground;obj\Debug\110\res\mipmap-anydpi-v26\icon_round.xml
FrameLayout;C:\Users\Vartotojas\Source\Repos\Swashbucklers-Project\Mobile app\Mobile app\PSI.Android\obj\Debug\110\lp\104\jl\res\layout\notification_template_big_media_custom.xml
FrameLayout;C:\Users\Vartotojas\Source\Repos\Swashbucklers-Project\Mobile app\Mobile app\PSI.Android\obj\Debug\110\lp\104\jl\res\layout\notification_template_big_media_narrow_custom.xml
FrameLayout;C:\Users\Vartotojas\Source\Repos\Swashbucklers-Project\Mobile app\Mobile app\PSI.Android\obj\Debug\110\lp\104\jl\res\layout\notification_template_media_custom.xml
ImageButton;C:\Users\Vartotojas\Source\Repos\Swashbucklers-Project\Mobile app\Mobile app\PSI.Android\obj\Debug\110\lp\104\jl\res\layout\notification_media_action.xml
ImageButton;C:\Users\Vartotojas\Source\Repos\Swashbucklers-Project\Mobile app\Mobile app\PSI.Android\obj\Debug\110\lp\104\jl\res\layout\notification_media_cancel_action.xml
ImageView;C:\Users\Vartotojas\Source\Repos\Swashbucklers-Project\Mobile app\Mobile app\PSI.Android\obj\Debug\110\lp\104\jl\res\layout\notification_template_big_media.xml
ImageView;C:\Users\Vartotojas\Source\Repos\Swashbucklers-Project\Mobile app\Mobile app\PSI.Android\obj\Debug\110\lp\104\jl\res\layout\notification_template_big_media_custom.xml
ImageView;C:\Users\Vartotojas\Source\Repos\Swashbucklers-Project\Mobile app\Mobile app\PSI.Android\obj\Debug\110\lp\104\jl\res\layout\notification_template_big_media_narrow.xml
ImageView;C:\Users\Vartotojas\Source\Repos\Swashbucklers-Project\Mobile app\Mobile app\PSI.Android\obj\Debug\110\lp\104\jl\res\layout\notification_template_big_media_narrow_custom.xml
ImageView;C:\Users\Vartotojas\Source\Repos\Swashbucklers-Project\Mobile app\Mobile app\PSI.Android\obj\Debug\110\lp\104\jl\res\layout\notification_template_media.xml
ImageView;C:\Users\Vartotojas\Source\Repos\Swashbucklers-Project\Mobile app\Mobile app\PSI.Android\obj\Debug\110\lp\104\jl\res\layout\notification_template_media_custom.xml
include;C:\Users\Vartotojas\Source\Repos\Swashbucklers-Project\Mobile app\Mobile app\PSI.Android\obj\Debug\110\lp\104\jl\res\layout\notification_template_big_media.xml
include;C:\Users\Vartotojas\Source\Repos\Swashbucklers-Project\Mobile app\Mobile app\PSI.Android\obj\Debug\110\lp\104\jl\res\layout\notification_template_big_media_custom.xml
include;C:\Users\Vartotojas\Source\Repos\Swashbucklers-Project\Mobile app\Mobile app\PSI.Android\obj\Debug\110\lp\104\jl\res\layout\notification_template_big_media_narrow.xml
include;C:\Users\Vartotojas\Source\Repos\Swashbucklers-Project\Mobile app\Mobile app\PSI.Android\obj\Debug\110\lp\104\jl\res\layout\notification_template_big_media_narrow_custom.xml
include;C:\Users\Vartotojas\Source\Repos\Swashbucklers-Project\Mobile app\Mobile app\PSI.Android\obj\Debug\110\lp\104\jl\res\layout\notification_template_media.xml
include;C:\Users\Vartotojas\Source\Repos\Swashbucklers-Project\Mobile app\Mobile app\PSI.Android\obj\Debug\110\lp\104\jl\res\layout\notification_template_media_custom.xml
integer;C:\Users\Vartotojas\Source\Repos\Swashbucklers-Project\Mobile app\Mobile app\PSI.Android\obj\Debug\110\lp\104\jl\res\values\values.xml
item;C:\Users\Vartotojas\Source\Repos\Swashbucklers-Project\Mobile app\Mobile app\PSI.Android\obj\Debug\110\lp\104\jl\res\values\values.xml
item;C:\Users\Vartotojas\Source\Repos\Swashbucklers-Project\Mobile app\Mobile app\PSI.Android\obj\Debug\110\lp\104\jl\res\values-v21\values-v21.xml
item;obj\Debug\110\res\values\styles.xml
LinearLayout;C:\Users\Vartotojas\Source\Repos\Swashbucklers-Project\Mobile app\Mobile app\PSI.Android\obj\Debug\110\lp\104\jl\res\layout\notification_template_big_media.xml
LinearLayout;C:\Users\Vartotojas\Source\Repos\Swashbucklers-Project\Mobile app\Mobile app\PSI.Android\obj\Debug\110\lp\104\jl\res\layout\notification_template_big_media_custom.xml
LinearLayout;C:\Users\Vartotojas\Source\Repos\Swashbucklers-Project\Mobile app\Mobile app\PSI.Android\obj\Debug\110\lp\104\jl\res\layout\notification_template_big_media_narrow.xml
LinearLayout;C:\Users\Vartotojas\Source\Repos\Swashbucklers-Project\Mobile app\Mobile app\PSI.Android\obj\Debug\110\lp\104\jl\res\layout\notification_template_big_media_narrow_custom.xml
LinearLayout;C:\Users\Vartotojas\Source\Repos\Swashbucklers-Project\Mobile app\Mobile app\PSI.Android\obj\Debug\110\lp\104\jl\res\layout\notification_template_lines_media.xml
LinearLayout;C:\Users\Vartotojas\Source\Repos\Swashbucklers-Project\Mobile app\Mobile app\PSI.Android\obj\Debug\110\lp\104\jl\res\layout\notification_template_media.xml
LinearLayout;C:\Users\Vartotojas\Source\Repos\Swashbucklers-Project\Mobile app\Mobile app\PSI.Android\obj\Debug\110\lp\104\jl\res\layout\notification_template_media_custom.xml
RelativeLayout;C:\Users\Vartotojas\Source\Repos\Swashbucklers-Project\Mobile app\Mobile app\PSI.Android\obj\Debug\110\lp\104\jl\res\layout\notification_template_big_media.xml
RelativeLayout;C:\Users\Vartotojas\Source\Repos\Swashbucklers-Project\Mobile app\Mobile app\PSI.Android\obj\Debug\110\lp\104\jl\res\layout\notification_template_big_media_custom.xml
RelativeLayout;C:\Users\Vartotojas\Source\Repos\Swashbucklers-Project\Mobile app\Mobile app\PSI.Android\obj\Debug\110\lp\104\jl\res\layout\notification_template_big_media_narrow.xml
RelativeLayout;C:\Users\Vartotojas\Source\Repos\Swashbucklers-Project\Mobile app\Mobile app\PSI.Android\obj\Debug\110\lp\104\jl\res\layout\notification_template_big_media_narrow_custom.xml
resources;C:\Users\Vartotojas\Source\Repos\Swashbucklers-Project\Mobile app\Mobile app\PSI.Android\obj\Debug\110\lp\104\jl\res\values\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\Vartotojas\Source\Repos\Swashbucklers-Project\Mobile app\Mobile app\PSI.Android\obj\Debug\110\lp\104\jl\res\values-v21\values-v21.xml
resources;C:\Users\Vartotojas\Source\Repos\Swashbucklers-Project\Mobile app\Mobile app\PSI.Android\obj\Debug\110\lp\104\jl\res\values-v24\values-v24.xml
resources;obj\Debug\110\res\values\colors.xml
resources;obj\Debug\110\res\values\styles.xml
style;C:\Users\Vartotojas\Source\Repos\Swashbucklers-Project\Mobile app\Mobile app\PSI.Android\obj\Debug\110\lp\104\jl\res\values\values.xml
style;C:\Users\Vartotojas\Source\Repos\Swashbucklers-Project\Mobile app\Mobile app\PSI.Android\obj\Debug\110\lp\104\jl\res\values-v21\values-v21.xml
style;C:\Users\Vartotojas\Source\Repos\Swashbucklers-Project\Mobile app\Mobile app\PSI.Android\obj\Debug\110\lp\104\jl\res\values-v24\values-v24.xml
style;obj\Debug\110\res\values\styles.xml
TextView;C:\Users\Vartotojas\Source\Repos\Swashbucklers-Project\Mobile app\Mobile app\PSI.Android\obj\Debug\110\lp\104\jl\res\layout\notification_template_big_media_custom.xml
TextView;C:\Users\Vartotojas\Source\Repos\Swashbucklers-Project\Mobile app\Mobile app\PSI.Android\obj\Debug\110\lp\104\jl\res\layout\notification_template_big_media_narrow_custom.xml
TextView;C:\Users\Vartotojas\Source\Repos\Swashbucklers-Project\Mobile app\Mobile app\PSI.Android\obj\Debug\110\lp\104\jl\res\layout\notification_template_lines_media.xml
TextView;C:\Users\Vartotojas\Source\Repos\Swashbucklers-Project\Mobile app\Mobile app\PSI.Android\obj\Debug\110\lp\104\jl\res\layout\notification_template_media_custom.xml
